I'm glad you two are having a grand old time
but the heck did you do to my mother
honey it is not Blair's fault
it is all my no
no it is my fault dad
I called grandma out on everything
and she couldn't handle it
look where
you know Grandma's always had something against us
she thinks that if Timmy didn't die I know
she thinks that if Uncle Timmy didn't die
that he would be the leader of this family
this company and he would do a better job than you
but she's wrong just because he was her favorite
doesn't mean he's any better than you
I guess I never realized you knew so much
and you never really cared about family politics
I used to think that
treating everyone who wronged us with empathy
could change them
but I was wrong
it only takes away their guilt
it is a wonder that you know such a sad truth at 23
but I guess I'm glad you're realizing it early
does that mean you forgive me
for being the worst granddaughter in the world
oh I suppose
since you are the best daughter in the world
what's going on